Final project.

You can check in code as many times as you like. You can ask for
review at anytime. The files will be locked down at 11:59PM July 1st.
The demo will be either on June 30th or July 1st.

In this project you will build a web application using Ruby on Rails.
The application will allow registered members to exchange or give away
stuff. It simply brings people who have stuff to give away and people who're
looking for stuff together. Here is a list of functionality expected:

1. A user can register with the site by providing an email address, name, and password.

2. A user can change name and password at any time after logging in.

3. A user (offerer) can post an item for give away by providing a list of 
keywords, and a description for the item.

4. A user can at any time withdraw an item. If the item is withdrawn, it is removed from the application.

5. A user can search (based on the keywords) items that are available.
The user can read the descriptions.

6. A user can place dibs on any item. At this time, the application accepts
a message from the user and stores it for the offerer to review. A user can
place or remove dibs on multiple items. An item can have at most one dibs on 
it at any time.

7. The offerer can then review the message, accept to give item away or 
decline. If accepted, the item is marked as exchanged in the system and the 
users take their discussion offline. This item will no longer be visible 
in searches. If the user declines, a decline message is sent back
to the person who requested and the dibs is removed. The offerer can also
hold decision and exchange a few other messages with the person requesting.

8. An email is sent anytime a message is ready for any user to view.

9. A user can review the history of all items they have placed for give away
or they got from any offered.

10. A users email address or any personal information (other than their
name) is never revealed to any other user. Whatever message is exchanged 
between users is visible only to those users and not to other users.

11. If you can think of more essential features, feel free to add them.

Please feel free to use plugins for various features (like managing
users, etc.).

Your project will be evaluated based on
(a) feature completeness
(b) ease of use
(c) esthetics
(d) test coverage
(e) quality of code
(f) Presentation demo